# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==24.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via wikipedia
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.9.0.post1
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via
    #   mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
    #   gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==5.9.1
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
gradio-client==1.5.2
    # via gradio
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   safehttpx
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.13
    # via
    #   mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.13
    # via
    #   mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
langchain-huggingface==0.1.2
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
langchain-llama==0.1.1
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
langchain-ollama==0.2.2
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.2
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.2.1
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
ollama==0.4.5
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.58.1
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.13
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   sentence-transformers
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via langchain-community
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pypdf==5.1.0
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   wikipedia
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
ruff==0.8.5
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.5.0
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via langchain-huggingface
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
torch==2.5.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.47.1
    # via
    #   mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.15.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via gradio
websockets==14.1
    # via gradio-client
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via mini-rag (pyproject.toml)
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
